my wife helped me on the second floor
and my daughter on the third when I
specifically looked to the Jason rooms
is a single woman oh oh recently single
not always alone
whoa
I'm Spencer by the way
Jennifer sometimes Jenny know it Jen
it's just Jen want to get a drink with
me tonight
Yeah right I need to show you
nice you realize I'm gonna make you tell
me your whole life story trust me it's
boring I'm a what someone who's
genuinely attractive daddy promise to be
nice to him not in so many words
mmm how'd I get so lucky are we gonna
turn to play basketball no matter what I
got dinner with Janet Oh surprise I'm
psycho killer
who do you work for but to say that I
work for the blah blah blah and they
gave me a license to block your legs oh
no you are not getting off that it's not
shooting oh it's gonna be a long day
oh really good Brava
Katherine Heigl Ashton Kutcher fillers
sweetie you're gonna show well Nick you
expect me to put it as Lucinda sizes
down
you